Yeah, this has been fun.
Okay, so I like this and I don't want to mess with the good thing.
What, you're ending things?
Kind of the opposite.
My family hosts this whole dumb ceremonial tournament and you'd make it tolerable.
I know, I know, you can't get close because of your wife who died 40 years ago.
I know, this isn't that, it's a barbecue with my parents.
You don't want to get any closer than this.
I'll just find something I don't like about you or get bored.
It's a plus one.
What, you never disliked anything about Diane?
I don't have much to look back on.
The Omega device, the thing evil me used to erase Diane everywhere, it fucks with your mind.
Beth only thinks she remembers her mom.
Wait, why am I talking about this?
Are we having sex again?
What kind of clothes are being put on here?
Oh, this ex clothes.
Alright.
Welcome back to Cake or Fake, Celebrity Edition.
Do you need a knife, Mr. Stabby?
I brought my own!
Where have you been?
Still shitting where I eat?
Up off the sack, SB.
I've known Bug Ann for a billion years before you were maybe even cloned.
Oh, relax.
Dad's too hung up on mom to ever commit.
Thank God for that.
Keep moping, old man.
Okay, first off, you missed it.
It was a real baby, not a cake.
And Mr. Stabby's cancelled now.
And second, why are we dunking on Rick?
He's been a loving dad to our family for as long as I can remember.
Excuse me?
Remember him at our wedding and Morty's birth.
In that time he invented Peepie and Jay.
Rick's great!
What?
You guys don't remember this?
Oh, I think I know what's going on.
I don't like everyone watching.
I knew it.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet memory Rick.
Push, sweetie!
You can do this!
He's so supportive.
How did we get this version of you?
He's just a memory of me and my most passionate and heroic.
He snuck out of Birdperson's brain and into mine.
Must have been inadvertently dumped into Jerry when we shuffled our brains last season.
Birdperson remembers you as hot.
I'm still hot and he's fucking everything up by invading all this family nostalgia.
Jerry basically has the equivalent of memory cancer now.
Cancer?
He is a clever little bastard, though.
Look how far he's come with springs and gears tech.
Anyways, the miracle of life, man.
You guys are gonna crush this.
Oh, shit!
Even if I'm not around to help, Jerry, take the wheel!
I love spending time with you guys!
Relax, little guy. Chill out.
You piece of shit! You marooned me!
You piece of shit! You ruined Jerry's brain!
He likes me now. It's awful!
Fuck you, man! You have a beautiful family!
Seriously, calm down.
I built this ant farm brain to give your dumb high concept ass all the room it could ever need.
Enjoy eternity.
This place sucks! Put me back!
So you didn't invent PB and J.
He's just a memory, Jerry.
Boom. Total reset. Good as new.
What? What got reset?
Pretty amazing that you can just suck out an intrusive memory like that.
I wish I could suck out the memory of all my shitty exes, especially Peter Casey.
That guy was way too into lizards.
Fuck you, old man! What? You threatened by my youthful vigor?
You ain't got the juice!
He does seem kind of lonely.
Dad fucks all the time. He fucks things we can't even comprehend.
Less talking about dad fucking. Sorry.
I'm sorry.
Confirm. Transfer?
Yeah.
Dear Rick, you took the memory of Diane out of your head.
You did this to be more emotionally open. Don't at me.
Fuckin'? Hey, weird pitch.
Ugh. Dad?
Oh shit!
What are you doing?
Money? Kids? Breakfast?
Breakfast!
Oh, there you are.
Where else would I be?
Hey, B.A.! You need a coffee?
I could do with a tea.
Hi, Beth. Hi!
Hey, Morty. Family. This is Bug Ann. Don't gock. She's just picking me up.
Yeah, she is.
Hi, Bug Ann.
Sorry for crashing breakfast. Rick called me and said,
Weird pitch, but then his pitch was just going to the thing I invited him to.
Not exactly typical dad behavior.
Don't be weird, Spacebeth. I took the memory of your mom out of my head.
Now I'm more emotionally open.
What?
You took mom out of your brain? You took mom out of your brain?
Don't be weird. It's not like I haven't tried other ways to move on.
I'm trying something new. It's working. Pop off the sack.
I think it's nice. I think...
Rambo, when did you start staying to pop off the sack?
Dad?
Oh, hey kiddo.
Where are you going?
I'm heading out for a bit. Don't wait up.
Why are you leaving?
Work stuff.
Beth! My daughter! The work stuff was in the ceiling. I'm back now.
Your hair.
It's way cooler, right? We're going to have so much fun together, sweetie.
Yay!
Then we'll save your mother from a secret underground memory prison.
Yay?
Rick!
Rick, thank God that's over. Sorry you got stuck with Uncle Scoob.
You didn't tell me everyone here would be cool.
They're not. That's my Aunt Borgogi. Huge bitch.
And over there's Jack Poo, my ex-boyfriend from high school.
I guess he was probably staring for a long time before that, huh?
Again? You left before the end of the banal raising.
Why did you leave? Do I embarrass you?
You're not in front of Uncle Scoob, dear.
Dad, this is Rick. He's that friend from my early revolutionary days.
The Monkey Man!
Bromphomites give us bugs a bad name. Such a violent culture.
You've known my daughter a long time, eh?
I have, though Buggan and I have only been hooking up for a few months.
What?!
Why did you say that?
I was opening up! I didn't know your species had ritualistic, honor-based duels over premarital sex.
You're a genius and you looked up nothing about my culture!
I took my wife out of my head! I'm going through a lot!
The trial will continue until one of you is dead or accepts defeat.
If you yield, you admit you are incapable of love and commitment.
Only capable of meaningless, dishonorable sex.
Again!
Please don't kill Jack Poo!
Fight me, slat!
Ah!
Your mom will be in some kind of protected area.
We'll need special access.
I guess Summer does chores for Rick.
She should have an access card we can use to...
That was faster. Nice. Again.
Honey, come on!
Shit! Mom's here to pick me up.
Quick, before you go.
Mom is trapped in a box in the sub basement.
I'm the only one who can save her.
This is how we stay a family.
The older future Rick who locks her up is crafty and paranoid. He's a real bastard.
But our family will trust me.
Yeah, if you don't act weird.
I won't act weird.
You know, I'm worried about future mom,
but I love spending this father-daughter time together.
You've always been there for me.
And they always will be, sweetie.
Now, one more time.
Mom is trapped in a box in the sub basement.
I'm the only one who can save her.
This is how we stay a family.
Oh, hey.
What's up?
It'd be cliche if we didn't like dad dating someone, right?
Yeah, pretty trite.
What part don't you like?
I don't dislike any of it.
I mean, I'm an adult woman and dad is his own man.
Bucking piranha plants are in heat again.
Sorry, sweetie.
God, your shoulder's hard.
Where do you hence pecking about?
Your grandpa.
Speaking of, are there specific parts of the sub basement
to keep important stuff?
Why?
Yeah, you're gonna sabotage things with his new squeeze?
No, summer.
I wanna do something nice for dad.
Oh, wow.
Pretty humbling for me.
Yeah, there's a phantom zone for dangerous stuff on level two
and a vault for valuable stuff on seven.
Makes sense. Dad said he'd be paranoid.
You bitches wanna watch a movie or something?
Yeah, sure.
Cool.
Grandpa keeps referencing Cannonball Run,
and I'm tired of pretending I've seen it.
Mom.
In break time.
Hmm...
hmm...
hmmm...
I remember you.
I remember you. Let's go.
Hell yeah. I like your new car.
What are you doing down here? Nothing.
I knew it didn't take this long to go to the bathroom.
And what did you mean when you said Dad said he'd be paranoid?
Weird sentence. Just something Dad said in our teens.
Dad wasn't in our teens, Beth.
We're the same person with the same memories.
Does this have something to do with that cool younger version of Dad?
No, you're crazy.
Here, I'll prove it. We can go check on him.
Okay.
Is your skull metal?
It is.
Oh. Cool.
Stop fighting me!
I can't!
This is how...
...day of family!
Um, space, Beth.
Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck!
Okay, okay. So I'm a memory from the past,
and you and I have a daughter in the future,
and we're in her head right now.
We're together in her head right now,
and we're in a special ant farm brain,
old real Rick built where we can live forever.
Uh, what's wrong?
We should have been shunted over by now.
Beth only had to move us from the sub basement to the garage.
I'm gonna go see what's up.
Don't touch anything!
Who are you?
Um...
Oh God, I'm your mom, somehow?
You can't be my mom.
My mom's locked in a box in the sub basement.
I was.
It's something to do with memories or something.
You're too young.
I'm a memory, just like you,
and I think we're in real you's head.
I'm a memory?
I'm not real?
It's all new to me too.
I know, we came here in that pod and...
What?
Oh, Rick!
Diane, okay, plan is a bit of a wrinkle.
It's gone rogue.
Wait, what are you doing out of the pod?
Our daughter was right there, Rick.
I tried to tell her we were both memories, but...
Fuck, fuck!
Sweetie, telling a memory what they are wakes them up.
Well, it does.
It shouldn't be that easy to create sentience.
Yeah, I think every parent has that thought at some point.
Shit, this is bad.
I already filled up Beth's suggestible memories
to brainwasher and to rescuing you.
Brainwasher?
To rescue you!
Aw, our first fight.
Lee, Lee, Lee!
This is what happens when you listen to people.
You end up in a fighting pit with an ex-boyfriend.
You're not allowed to kill.
I invited you to a thing, Rick.
You didn't have to come.
And you certainly didn't have to take your dead wife out of your head.
I told you getting closer would be dumb.
Read the fucking room, dude.
I am!
It doesn't seem like your dead wife is the problem.
Oh, yeah?
So we're all in agreement.
Guess I'll just go undo it then.
Rick!
Whoa!
Shit!
Please work, please work, please work.
Ow!
Oh, thank God.
Dad!
Easy, slugger.
You're lucky you've got a robot spine.
Why are you down here?
Where's Beth?
And what happened to my memory box with Diane?
And where's memory, Rick?
He must have jacked his way into her mind somehow.
Jesus.
One sentient memory running around her head is bad enough.
Her brain could be hosting a full-on outbreak now.
We gotta find her.
I'm gonna flush that little memory turd so hard.
Hey, wait. How'd your date go?
Would I be here if it went well?
I had to do it.
I had to do it for Mom.
This is how we stay a family.
This is how we stay a family!
We gotta get to Beth's recent memories.
We'll be on a slight delay,
but that's the closest we can get to talking with her in real time.
Our family's not very normal, is it?
Yeah, they're cool.
I got to spend some time with them in our son-in-law's head.
And that didn't mess anything up.
I'm still nervous about that Beth I woke up.
Well, if she is hunting us,
she's not doing a very good job.
Dad?
Me?
That's not our dad.
That's an imposter,
and he's filled up our brain like a virus.
But he's just a memory,
and so are we,
and so are you.
We've gotta be close.
There!
Man, good arm.
Almost there.
Well, there you are, sweetie.
Hey, Dad.
What's going on?
She's waking up more of her.
What are you Beth's doing?
You'll swamble your own brain!
What's your problem?
I'm not sure.
You'll swamble your own brain!
Wester, where I got the idea!
Sorry, memory daughter.
Oh, you think you could run?
That you know my own mind better than me!
Mom, Dad, I think I just killed Spacebeth.
Get back here!
Just drive, sweetie.
I'm so proud of you, hon.
Now what?
I don't know.
This is as far as I planned.
I've never actually had to be a parent.
Should we go back?
Rick hates me, and he pulled you out of his head.
He'll just kill us.
Well, if there's no way out,
should we just sell my Louis this?
Wait, what?
Beth, you're real!
Don't do this!
Honey, we'll be fine!
I can't live without you.
Honey, please!
This is how we stay.
We'll be fine.
I don't know.
We'll stay a family!
No!
Wait!
If this is a recent memory,
doesn't that mean she already...
Beth, let us help you!
I won't let you take them from me!
You're not your real Emily!
Listen to me!
You broke my neck,
and I still don't want to hurt you!
I don't want to hurt you,
so you got to go back.
No!
I don't want to hurt you,
so you got to go back.
I'll hurt you!
My head!
This...this is how we stand...
Beth, I just wanted to end...
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
You see what you did? We're your daughter!
And you drove us insane!
So we're gonna kill you before she kills all of us!
Rick!
Diane! Wait, wait, wait, wait!
I'm so confused, space bet.
I hear...I hear so many voices.
I remember loving my dad and then gating my dad.
That's just called being alive, sweetie.
I wasn't there for you, and someone took advantage of that.
But I'm here now. Your real dad is here, Beth,
and he's more emotionally open.
He seems nice.
Why didn't we get that version of Dad?
Wait, what's he doing with his hand?
He's distracting her! That piece of shit!
I wish I could have known her, Mom.
You did. She raised you.
I know, but I don't really remember.
No one does. Even I only had a scrap of her.
It's been nice having her in my head for a second, I think.
Memories aren't real, Beth.
And they can be as self-serving as any of us.
Fuck, the second my memory, Diane, broke out,
she helped hijack my daughter.
Your real mom...loved you more than that.
Guess I'll have to take your word for it.
So...it's over.
How you doing, sweetie?
You feeling at all radicalized, D?
I'm fine, Chair. Pretty impressive reset job.
What happened to memory Rick?
Oh, uh...he's gone.
The fuck is this summering up you all just did?
He gaslit your mom.
Yeah, because he loved Grandma.
I'm sad, a nice version of you was dead.
He's a weird thought creature. He was never alive.
Whatever. I'm gonna fucking go hang out with Buggan.
That's still going on?
Thanks for not killing us.
Listen up, you little activist. This is as good as you're gonna get.
Ant Farm Brain in a patch of empty space.
You get within a hundred light years of my family,
or try to build yourself a brain, creature, mech suit or whatever.
Your whole container thing explodes.
You got it, Chief.
The fact that you two get this stupid happy ending
where you're young forever and presumably always fucking
drives me insane.
So I'm gonna mind blow myself and forget this ever happened.
You're on your own.
Thank you for keeping me alive this long, Rick.
Yeah. Goodbye, memory Tyan.
Huh.
Just like that.
Tomorrow's one day that I'll never get back.
I can feel you though.
Wake me from this dreamin'.
Ooh, we season eight, huh?
I liked when Jerry was the Easter Bunny.
That was fun.
Who is he? Who is he talking to?
I can never tell.
But that data is irrefutable.
His atoms vibrate on a frequency unlike any found in our whole reality.
And you believe this traveler came here to replace your husband?
I know I sound insane and so centered for thinking that.
The facts reveal you to be the opposite.
You've been very brave, Amy.
What would you have us do with him?
In the dark!
Did you get any of that?
No.